In the last lecture, you have seen that
our order processing services BO layer
which we are testing has seventy one
percent of coverage which is good but we
have to improve it at least eighty to
ninety percent is a good test coverage is
not hundred percent let's improve the
test coverage by writing a test for this
delete order method we have left this on
purpose so that we can see how
test coverage works so go back to our order
BOimpl test and start writing a
test for our delete order method
in here will start with a junit test
annotation public void delete order
deletes the underscore order the first
step will be doing here is when
DAO.delete123.then written one we
are testing the positive scenario to
start with this delete throws a
sequel exception so add a throws
declaration by hitting control one
the next step is to call the
BO.deleteorder and pass it 123
we have been using this 123 in
quite a few places so lets refactor it
select that 123  right click go
to refactor extract constant and give it
a name let's call it order underscore
ID hit finish it doesn't replace it
everywhere so copy that order id paste it
everywhere we have 123, we shouldn't have
any magic numbers delete order throws a
BOexception so hit control one on
the delete order surround it with or ad
the throws declaration we are done
stubbing and calling the method  let's
assign this to
local variable call it a result and then
assert true result and also verify DAO.delete
is called with order ID thats it run it goto the play
button run as a junit test so all our
tests are green now let's rerun the
coverage one more time by right-clicking
on the test folder go to coverage as
junit test
let's see if our coverage has gone up to
see the BOfolder in here you see
that the coverage has gone up from 71%
to 84.1% as an assignment
please go ahead and bring the coverage to
100% by writing a test for the
negative scenario as well as the  exception scenario.